Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
It's tilting up. That's right.
Hold it with both hands. Good?
Should I start from here. or should I…
That's okay.
It's… Over there. then here.
- You sit in the middle. right?
- Just a little bit more over here.
- Alright. lock it there.
- Okay.
Is my hair okay? Is it messy?
No. you're good.
I'll start from back here.
One. two. three!
Welcome to my vlog.
I'm on a picnic trip with my family.
My hubby and I are paddling on the lake.
You guys see that hill over there?
He's gonna buy it for me.
- Is that right. baby?
- Ha! When did I ever say that?
But you said you love me!
"I'll buy you anything you like!"
Well. I like that hill. so buy it for me.
But it's a hill. lady!
So what? Can't you buy it then?
Well. I can't afford a hill.
but I can surely get you some pills.
Nonsense! What are you talking about?
- How else can I buy it?
- Gotta edit this out.
- Fine. fine!
- Phong.
Do you love me?
I will love you 'til I die.
- Give me that.
- That's a good take.
Love you. baby!
Welcome back to Shoulder Sister!
No script. no rehearsal.
no prior interaction with guests.
Real people. real stories. real tea.
When the world walks away.
Shoulder Sister always stays.
I am Hai Linh.
Men are predators.
They're hunters!
That's the nature of the male species.
No. I know.
He's hiding many things from me.
But I know everything!
I'm not stupid!
I'm a tiger! I'm fierce!
Hey there!
The tiger sure is not gentle!
But don't snap at people!
Not too gentle. not too fierce.
just enough to lure them in.
Oh my God. men are children!
One little trick from you.
and he'll follow your every word.
Long-term partners are bound
to get bored with each other. right?
Not necessarily!
It depends on who you marry
and who you really are!
Marry someone who actually gets you.
how could you ever get bored?
You just have to find
that one person for yourself.
Gosh. the problem is we're not compatible.
We fight all the time!
Every breath is a battle scene!
- Tell me this.
- Yes?
Do you know what men fear the most?
Princesses!
- You're such a princess!
- Slow down!
This is amazing!
Men like gentle women.
but they hate whiny princesses!
They'll get bored if we are too useless.
Be interesting!
Sis. he's only interested in bed!
Don't be so easy-going!
If you give him everything he wants.
he'll be a spoiled brat!
We're people. not dolls!
So what now?
Do you know the saying?
- Yes?
- Be subtle.
Leave him wanting more!
Oi!
Sex in the woods?
Are you guys nuts?
Oh my God. such a pervert!
- Blocking that fool.
- Block it!
Oh my gosh. we're out there having fun.
looking classy and beautiful.
Why would anyone leave
such crude comments. seriously?
My husband is very handsome.
He's not Tarzan.
Here. let me show you.
- See?
- He kind of fits the look. though!
Hey. my husband is handsome!
Comment number 1
if you find him delicious!
- Number 1 here!
- Number 1 for me. too!
Me too!
- Hey. he's not yours.
- But he is handsome. sis.
Mai. Cuc. look!
Look at how ripped he is!
Bet they're going at it hard tonight.
SO EMBARRASSING. LADIES!
- Watch out! I'm gonna get banned…
- Shoot. sorry…
You're so handsome. baby!
- So handsome!
- My husband is very handy. guys!
- Oh my gosh!
- Ouch!
- What the heck?
- Oh shoot!
- So handy-dandy!
- Are you okay. baby?
- Are you okay. Son?
- Technical error. technical error.
It's okay. it's okay.
I might have a mild concussion!
Just a technical error!
Everyone. normally. he's not like that.
He's usually very okay.
I don't understand why…
Hello. everyone!
- Hey there!
- We're back.
Go wash up. then come out for food.
It's gonna be delicious! Come on in!
Wash your hands. then join us!
- Hello. Uncle Phong.
- Hi. Ben.
How's it going?
This is my younger sister. Hai Linh.
Shoulder Sister. do you recognize her?
Isn't she pretty?
That's my biological sister!
- You look nothing alike!
- What did you say?
- No. I read the comments.
- Where?
I'm blocking this jerk!
My mother married my dad in Hanoi.
then they broke up.
Then she married her dad in Danang.
Your child. my child. our child.
nothing to do with each other.
but by some force. we love each other
and never broke up.
We're both beautiful!
You're hungry. aren't you. baby?
Let's go wash our hands.
We'll be right back.
Let go of her!
Come here. I need to talk to you.
Dude's too clingy for his own good.
Follow me if you're Hai Linh's fan!
I'm Hai Ian. Hai Linh's older sister.
"You guys are beautiful."
Wow. thank you so much!
HAI LINH
HAI LAN
How dare he sing "Love ain't Forever"
on our anniversary?
Just the damn nerve!
Huong! Stop singing.
You're not a damn singer.
Wipe her mouth. She looks like an animal!
Stop it. Don't be so mean.
This family can't live without my yelling.
I don't know how Son can live with you!
Oh. he's addicted to my cursing!
What is it? What?
You guys are shit-talking me. aren't you?
- Stop acting all lovey-dovey!
- I love you most in the whole wide world!
- If you lie. what does that make you?
- A dog!
- What does the dog say?
- Woof woof woof!
Fetch me some dessert. will you?
- Okay!
- See how cringy that was?
Give me a husband like Phong
and see how much nicer I'd be.
Sweetheart!
Oh my! I'm dead!
Wow. he's handsome and sings well.
Hey. babe! Look at him!
Learn from him.
Looking at you is just depressing.
- My heart has never changed…
- Where are the photos from this morning?
On my phone.
Pass me his phone. please.
Thanks.
Hey. it's his phone. How can you do that?
His phone. but my Face ID.
- Did you force him. or did he volunteer?
- I forced him to volunteer!
Everyone in our group does that.
It's no big deal.
You don't do it?
No. why would I?
You're weird!
I mean. why do you
have to live so miserably?
Oh my gosh. these photos are shit.
They all look the same.
Everything makes me look so short.
I can't understand.
Not a shred of effort. Just awful!
Sweetheart!
It's the papaya flavor that you like!
So yummy!
What is this?
What?
That was Moon's birthday party.
Why was that bitch there?
Let me see.
Ian!
This red dress wasn't even touching him.
Not red dress. it's the red head in white
on the very edge.
But the red head
is all the way over by the edge!
Edge or not doesn't matter.
- It's my husband's ex.
- Shit!
I can't defend you now!
Tell me!
Why was Lee at Moon's party?
It's a celebration today. Let it go. Ian!
How can I let it go?
He can't just make me jealous.
then say let it go!
I should've punched him in the face.
SHOULDER SISTER
- Oh my God. sister!
- Oh. Linh!
Yes?
Why am I so jealous?
Now listen to me.
- Jealousy comes from both sides.
- Yeah.
If it's coming from the other person.
it's because of how they act
that you just can't trust them.
And if it's coming from our side.
then it breaks down into two more reasons.
One. selfish.
controlling. possessive.
Did you ask my permission
to go to her party?
Why was Lee at Moon's party?
We were all classmates.
so it's normal for Moon to invite Lee.
Why did you go if you knew
Moon invited Lee?
Two. it's the lack of confidence.
You have to trust me. I know my husband.
These two dated for seven years.
He was violently in love with her.
Why did you even save this photo
to your phone?
I didn't save it.
We have a group chat on Viber.
Moon sent the photo. I unlocked the phone.
and it saved automatically.
Oh. so you guys have a group chat
and a hidden folder
to save each other's photos.
That's right! He hid it from me.
People only hide shady things. don't they?
Why are all men so secretive?
Let's break it down then.
There are only two types of men
in the world.
One. men who are drawn to affairs.
Two. the rest of them.
But group 1 accounts for 95%.
- You're in the 95%!
- I'm gonna slap you. bitch!
- I'm in group 2.
- Who cares. I'm group 1.
You slut!
If I didn't pick up his phone today.
how would I know their secret?
Right? Where are you going?
Us women have a really bad habit!
It's embarrassing
our husbands in front of others.
I'm not jealous because of the events.
it's your mindset.
because you always want
to hide something from me.
- So what do you want now? Huh?
- He wants to hit me?
Why do you always have to wait
until everyone is having the most fun
to drag and humiliate me?
Would talking at home kill you?
There are so many people here
who can testify for me.
Go home. so you can deny it?
- Is that right. sister?
- Correct!
I understand everything you're saying.
But I just can't do it!
Oh my God. I know I'm wrong.
but when I'm crazy with jealousy.
how can I control myself?
But sister!
To love is to trust!
Today is a day to celebrate.
to have fun. to play.
If you're not happy.
then let's call it a night.
Fine! You should just go
and find some other woman
who's younger than me.
can nurture your emotions.
and support you. Tran Ngoc Son!
Make a decision! Just one of the two!
If you stay. then stop complaining.
Or break up and set each other free.
Easier said than done.
There is nothing in the world
that you want that you can't get.
- You crazy woman!
- Be tough!
Go full blast! Show me what you can do!
Who are you calling crazy?
- Come on!
- Hey!
There! That's it!
What the hell. Ian?
If love doesn't work anymore.
then break up. set yourself free.
Sometimes that's good for both of you.
Thank you. everyone. for listening.
See you again next time!
ONE WEEK LATER
- Hello. Ms. Linh!
- Hello!
- You guys had lunch?
- We did.
- Food's ready?
- All done.
- That's for Linh?
- Yep.
So cute!
- Hey. it smells good!
- Of course. I made it!
Just another peaceful day.
Every day. I spend
30 minutes to slow down.
to think about gains and losses.
to know how to love more
with my husband. friends. and family.
If you love me. you can follow
Hai Ian with a blue tick
to spread this love.
Damn. she's funny!
Hello. my golden girl!
My sister! Hey. he brought you food.
- Who?
- Your husband. of course.
- Aw. thank you.
- Oh my God. Hai Linh!
Shoulder Sister is now
one of the top trending shows!
Ads are pouring in
like men falling for me!
- That's amazing!
- Ms. Linh!
The vlog was filmed as a joke.
but it really worked.
You didn't even show Phong's face.
just his voice.
- and the audience fell for you guys.
- So in love!
Fans are now crazy for you guys!
Hariwon and Tran Thanh
is no match for you guys!
- Really?
- There's no way!
Gosh. the audience and lights are ready
and you're still here chatting away.
- Do you want to eat with me?
- Nope. you enjoy it.
Work on keeping that gorgeous image
for my ads. Got it. cutie?
Once we start cashing in.
I'll be your manager forever.
- I know. I know!
- I've been counting money nonstop.
I lick my fingers to count them.
and nine out of ten are wrinkled
from the moisture.
Now I have to wear gloves. see?
Keep going. okay?
This lady!
Hello. baby!
Hello. sweetie!
How did you get food to come
just in time for my hunger?
Because I'm your husband!
Husband. where are you?
She calls her husband
just like hollering at her child.
They just got back from shopping.
Welcome home!
Is our house almost ready?
I'm exhausted.
It's so noisy every day.
Hang on a little longer.
Our house is almost finished.
Phong and I made
the best Quang noodles today!
Wait. our ritual!
Ah. understood.
Ew. so in love.
Like the fight never ever happened.
Don't worry. The fight is coming.
- Oh my God!
- What is this?
- I told you so.
- What now?
What's this lipstick stain?
Ben! Who visited today?
Ah. I was coloring with her.
That's not paint. it's a lipstick stain!
It's paint. not lipstick!
- You guys are colluding. aren't you?
- Oh my God!
- I'll show you later.
- Stop it!
No one kissed his neck.
- I'm so hungry after eating.
- So hungry. my sugar is low.
Luckily you're nothing like Son.
- Useless.
- Don't say that.
We can't shit-talk them
when we're living with them.
- Then I'll continue after we moved.
- Eat your food.
Then get back to work.
Talk to you later.
Everyone. settle down. Hai Linh is here.
Ladies. get excited!
My sister!
- Oh my God. don't just sit there!
- Clap your hands. guys!
Oh my God. you two.
hurry up and fix her hair.
Hurry up!
- What is it today. Tien?
- Today it's a rabbit.
The story is amazing.
so I moved it up on the schedule.
- Push it in when the brands are here.
- Smart!
- Okay. get ready. Time is money.
- Okay then!
Roll cameras.
Three. two. one. action!
Welcome back to Shoulder Sister.
ladies and gentlemen!
- Looking fresh today!
- Of course. she's my talent.
Today we will welcome
a very special guest.
She wants to cover her face
and distort her voice.
Shoulder Sister always
meets all guests' requests.
And our character today
will transform into a very cute animal.
Please welcome Rabbit!
Why don't you introduce yourself?
Rabbit?
Rabbit!
Why isn't she answering?
- Be patient. sister. be patient.
- Rabbit!
- Yes?
- Who are you?
Introduce yourself to everyone.
I'm Bunnie.
Oh my God. obviously you're Rabbit.
She was asking for a name.
Oh my God!
Um. okay. everyone here
can see that you're Rabbit.
I mean. let's talk more about you.
Where are you from? What is your job?
My nickname is Bunnie.
- Oh really?
- My…
Real name is Nhat Ha.
- Okay. she's warming up.
- I work in an office.
So. what can I do for you today?
Bunnie!
Oh my gosh!
- There are three sponsors sitting here.
- Are you ready to share?
Trust me. her story is great.
Got goosebumps interviewing…
You call that a great story?
Bunnie.
- I'll scratch your face if it's not good.
- It's okay.
Take a deep breath. Calm down.
Make yourself at home.
Sister…
Oh. I'm here.
Can you show me how to break up?
You mean… She's here because she doesn't
know how to break up with her boyfriend?
You really mean this?
Let's get started.
BUNNIE
- Still kissing?
- It's nothing. Are you guys jealous?
Let them be.
They won't last even five minutes.
Hey. Linh's home.
- Hello. everyone.
- Sweetie!
That's so fun.
Come hang out for a bit.
It's okay. you guys go ahead.
I'm a bit tired.
Hey. you two. there's a kid here.
- They've been kissing for ages.
- Have fun. everyone.
She's dry like a stone.
She doesn't like karaoke.
She never liked family activities.
Sometimes I feel like
she's looking down on us.
Oh. maybe that's true.
Hello. aunties.
Why are you here?
You're refusing to see me.
so I had to find a way.
You can't just break my lock like that.
I'm hiding from my boyfriend.
He doesn't trust me.
Are you okay?
Does he… abuse you in any way?
Where were you?
Wherever I went is my business.
It's Sunday. You didn't have to work.
Where did you go?
Okay. now I need to know.
What exactly did he do to you?
- He stalked me…
- Why are you so dressed up?
Controlled me…
Were you out with him?
I wasn't out with anyone.
Why are you dressed up then?
I said it's my right to go where I want.
It's none of your business.
Manipulated me…
You haven't picked up my calls for days.
You didn't even reply to my texts.
You're hiding from me.
Now that I'm here.
you say to stay out of your business.
What then? What do you want?
- I'm not hiding.
- Did I do something wrong?
If I did. tell me. so I can change.
Why are you running from me?
I have no idea what I did wrong to you.
Now you're telling me
not to worry about you.
What do you mean. Bunnie?
You said we'd give each other time.
I gave you time. I didn't bother you.
I disappeared. but you have
to answer me at least.
You didn't even contact me. You...
What the heck?
Kim…
Sit down first.
You have to calm down
so I can talk to you. Have a seat.
You acting like this is scaring me.
I'm your boyfriend.
Why would you be afraid of me?
Tormented me…
What did I do that scared you?
Tell me? I'm your boyfriend.
Why are you scared of me?
I'm not scared of you.
What I'm scared of
is us meeting like this every time.
I told you to give me time.
I need to rest.
but now you're like this.
and I'm so stressed out.
So you're stressed. and I'm not?
Our problem has never been resolved.
I told you to quit your job.
Let me take care of you. I can do it.
You don't trust me. you didn't quit.
now you're going out with him.
and when I ask you.
you say it's none of my business.
What the heck is that?
What is it?
Tell me what I have to do now.
You love him. don't you?
I don't.
How many times do I have
to tell you that I don't love him?
Him?
What did you just say?
Fuck. "him"…
Him?
What did you just say?
The way you say it
makes me feel like you love him.
Let's look at it this way.
You're sitting on a train.
You keep going. but never reach the end.
Do you know why?
Because you are sitting in the wrong car.
This car is not for you.
If you just sit there. it will
take you further and further away.
You fell for him. damn it…
You don't love me anymore. do you?
Or is it because I'm poor?
Say something. dear?
Bunnie. you don't love me anymore?
Bunnie!
He never hit me. but…
Answer me!
Or is it because I'm incompetent…
- Kim! Calm down!
- You love him. right? Huh?
- Kim!
- You love him. don't you?
- You love him!
I think this is a form of mental abuse.
- You can't live like that anymore.
- Kim!
Kim! Oh God. you have to calm down… Kim!
People always end up regretting.
Regret the time in the past.
Regret the effort
of sitting on that train.
However.
why be so hung up and get stuck for good?
We've got the right
to take plenty of trains.
Now listen to me.
Get off.
Take another train that suits you.
Kim!
Calm down and listen to me.
Girls. don't torment yourself like that.
I'm tired.
Can we break up?
I hate that sentence.
I don't want to hear that sentence.
- You still love me. right?
- Kim. calm down. Calm down. Kim.
- Kim. Kim. you have to…
- Still love me. right?
- You still love me. right?
- Listen to me. listen to me…
Kim. you have to calm down...
It hurt so much…
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Sorry. sorry…
Hold on a moment.
Where's our povidin?
Bunnie! Bunnie!
Bunnie!
But he's not a bad person.
It would've been better
if he was a bad person.
I tried very hard to make money.
You can't expect me to do something
I'm not good at.
Let's stop talking about money.
I don't want to talk to you anymore.
I'm too tired.
For me. he tried hard
and sacrificed a lot.
Actually…
He only torments me when he feels low.
but other than that…
He's really good to me.
Where's my Bunnie?
- Food's here! Sorry…
- I'm starving.
I told you I'd get it.
- but you still went and bought it.
- I was worried you'd get tired.
Quit your job. Don't do this.
There's no money here.
Don't do it anymore. Let me work.
and I'll take care of you.
It's okay. I'm not disabled.
What are you talking about?
Come on…
It's not easy to leave someone
who loves you.
What the hell!
Why are you so jumpy?
Why do you keep doing silly stuff?
Why won't you come hang out with us?
I'm tired.
Those ladies have so much free time.
Doesn't work at all. just drinks. sings.
parties nonstop. way too loud!
Come on. they work a lot.
They deserve to have some fun!
Unlike you. always working non-stop
and refusing to enjoy anything.
Hey. speaking of work.
A guest on my show had such a sad story.
She said she's being abused.
Then she said something
that has been on my mind.
What?
It's hard to let go of someone
who loves you too much.
Isn't it great?
It's worth thinking about. isn't it?
Then I thought about Son and Ian.
Ian must love Son a lot
to still be with him.
What kind of man is that useless
and even ungrateful?
Can't make any money.
but he's really good at making her jealous
and getting yelled at.
Now you can see
there is no one
as perfect as your husband.
What?
- Are you saying you're perfect?
- Of course.
Let me see!
Other side.
- You're fine.
- That's it?
- Just fine?
- Yep!
- Fine?
- Fine.
Ha! How dare you?
Linh! Phong!
- Get down here. or I'll die!
- What is it?
- Let them be.
- Ian is calling for us!
Make the call!
Pick up the phone and call her right away.
See? Of course. he wouldn't call.
He wouldn't dare let her answer the phone.
Make the call. She's going crazy.
- What's up?
- There you are. Linh. come here!
You want fairness. right?
Let me talk to Linh.
You went through his phone again.
didn't you?
Your husband is an extremely kind
and decent guy.
so you will never have to do this.
My husband is an asshole.
so if I didn't pick up his phone today.
how would I know
there was a girl named +Th
who texted. "I just broke up. Let's meet."
She's my cousin from my hometown.
What cousin do I not know?
Just call her what she is.
your emotional support chick.
I've said it a thousand times.
Her name's Thu. from my hometown.
She broke up and wanted to vent to me.
It's not a big deal.
Why drag it out like this?
Why didn't you save her as "Thu" then?
- What the hell is +Th?
- + is family.
For example. Linh is +L. Phong is +Ph.
Ah. Linh. come here. + is family.
Do you know what I'm saved as?
"Oldie". and no + sign.
Just make the call. then.
She's your cousin. Why are you scared?
It's not that I'm scared.
I just don't want to call.
I don't want to call
and let my wife yell at her.
You say it like I'm a psychopath?
Have I ever yelled at anyone?
A few days ago. you called and yelled
at Lee. his ex. Did you forget?
She even yelled at the birthday girl.
even though she didn't do anything.
Don't tattle on your friend!
Those two ungrateful bitches
deserve to be scolded.
Call her.
I'm here. I won't let her yell at anyone.
Why are we fussing
over a simple phone call?
Call her if you have nothing to hide.
CALLING +TH
She wouldn't dare answer the phone.
You're joking. right?
She might be in the shower or the toilet.
Why must she answer when you call?
Maybe she'll pick up a call
from an unknown number.
Should we call her?
Ian. give me the number. I'll call.
Let's just get this over with.
Clarity is good.
Give me that. You guys need
to stop bickering. It's exhausting.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hello. Who is it?
Say something.
What do you have to say?
She picked up. Say something.
You're all colluding together.
What the hell is there to say?
Why do I have to talk to a home wrecker?
I didn't expect you
to treat me so horribly.
Tran Ngoc Son.
Go live with her.
Get the hell out of my house.
You said it yourself.
Son…
I knew it.
He leaves as soon as I said so.
I never thought my life
would be this miserable.
I will divorce him today.
Ian. maybe we should go home.
There are too many people here.
He must be embarrassed.
We'll give you guys some space to talk.
He's a man. He has his ego.
I'm speechless with you.
There are too many people here.
- We should head out.
- I'll die if you guys leave.
What do you mean?
I told you from the beginning.
If you love him but can't trust him.
then break up.
No one loves and suffers like you.
You are my sister. You should love me.
Why do you keep telling me
to break up. Linh?
You talk a good talk.
I'll wait and see. If it were you.
how would you handle it?
He does nothing all day.
Just keep staring at the phone.
His face is cunning.
definitely texting some homewreckers.
Says he'll watch the kid.
but ends up just playing video games.
I take care of everything at the company.
If you don't work with Unios.
then who else will you work with?
Our lighting tech is the best in Vietnam.
Wouldn't it be good if he could
become a director like Phong?
His only job is to pay the employees.
He either underpays or overpays.
Sometimes he even double pays.
Cunning with a huge ego.
Apart from me. he has no one.
He doesn't have any friends.
See?
Where are you going?
You're leaving for real?
If you leave now.
don't ever come back.
Let me see if that bitch +Th
can take care of you the way I do.
And where's trash like you
gonna get cash to live anyway?
Ian…
You are a woman
who doesn't know when to stop.
I'm not taking anything from you.
The suitcase is mine.
Son! Son!
I'll go after him.
Your phone. Son.
No need to follow him. Phong!
Let him go!
Ian. I'm begging you.
ONE MONTH LATER
Thank you.
TRAN NGOC SON
Bunnie. I need you to get
straight to the point.
I know you're troubled.
but this is your second time here.
yet your story is still very vague.
If you won't just say it straight out.
I really don't know how to help you.
She is talking in circles. isn't she?
But people like her story.
Is that so?
Can you be more specific?
I…
I'm dating a married man.
OMG!
That's wild!
Views! Views are pouring in!
I believe that everyone
has their reasons for doing anything.
It can be wrong for everyone.
but maybe it's right for you. so what?
So…
I want to hear your reason.
I know he's not happy.
And he's living with people
he doesn't love anymore.
He and his wife are separating.
He told me to wait for him.
You believe him?
Oh. so his wife is messed up.
and then when this girl showed up.
he fell for her.
How long ago did you two start?
One month.
I think he and I are quite similar.
Both are in relationships
where they get tormented.
I don't know if you understand
how bad it feels
to be with someone you can't love anymore.
Sorry. may I ask for your age?
I'm 28.
Twenty-eight years old…
You're still very young.
There are plenty of fish in the sea.
Why would you choose a fish
that is on someone else's plate?
I think that feeling
is kind of like a turn on. right?
- I see it a lot now.
- Yeah. maybe they like that.
Actually. I'm doing what you told me to.
What is it? What did she say?
You said
I was on a wrong train.
and I needed to get off.
I'm on a new train now.
I feel that this new train
is meant for me.
I feel more appreciated.
I'm more confident.
I just don't know if this train
is really suitable for me or not because…
I've always made the wrong choices.
Well. obviously stealing
someone's husband is not right.
But…
Are you sure you're not wrong this time?
I'm not sure I'm right.
But in life. no one is always right.
It's okay to be wrong.
But I still want to try.
Your advice gave me
the confidence to decide
that I will give him a chance.
Just like giving myself a chance.
We can't keep living like this anymore.
He is living with his wife.
someone who doesn't respect him at all.
He is living in days of suffering.
As for me. I told you my love story.
So let me ask you this.
Two miserable people who want to end their
failing relationships and come together.
what's wrong with that?
This issue may be controversial.
but I partly understand
why you made that decision.
I think you met him at the intersection
of sadness and disappointment.
And usually. that's when people feel
the deepest connection with each other.
In the end. with eight billion people
in this world.
no one is born with the duty
to belong to anyone forever.
We're all independent individuals
searching for that one fitting piece
to click with.
And I'm sorry to say this.
even husbands and wives.
that marriage certificate
is just a contract.
It has an expiration date.
Yet so many people forget that.
They think once you're married.
you're each other's forever.
Girl. it doesn't work that way.
If you don't hold on to what's yours.
people will come and take it.
Thank you for understanding me.
And I believe if he really loves me.
he'll find a way to fix this.
I hope so too.
I'm actually sympathizing
with her hard right now.
I know this is a very big decision
for you. so…
I will not give any advice.
I just want to remind you of one thing.
Every bold decision in your life
will lead you to one of two outcomes.
If you're right.
the two of you will be happy.
However. if you're wrong.
more than just the two of you
will end up hurting.
I hope you'll stay clear-headed enough
to know what you need to do. and…
I really hope everything turns out
beautifully for you.
Good luck. sister.
Pretty intense philosophy. huh?
It's like she's lived ten lives
and poured them all out on this show.
Linh…
Do you think you are strong?
Why do you ask me that?
Are you happy?
What do you mean by that?
If you are not happy.
would you leave your husband?
Why is this girl so ungrateful?
Ladies and gentlemen. I'm shocked.
Hey. Editor. remind her.
she's talking nonsense!
For the first time
in the history of Shoulder Sister.
a guest just asked me straight to my face.
I think I'll get a coffee
just to calm down.
Just a moment. please.
Now.
Bunnie!
Do you know why I created
the show Shoulder Sister?
It's not that I'm super talented
or anything special.
I'm just a woman.
But I'm really lucky that I'm not weak.
I believe I'm strong enough
and clear-headed enough
to be a solid emotional support
for people who are struggling.
like you right now.
I've always chosen
to face the truth head-on.
If…
And I'm saying if…
If my husband no longer loves me…
I would never cling to someone
who doesn't love me anymore.
I know what I'm worth.
Yeah. are you happy with that answer?
I'm just kidding.
You're too funny!
I trust you.
You are Shoulder Sister after all.
Okay then. anything else
you'd like to share?
- Bunnie!
- Hey!
Why is she taking off her mask?
Bunnie!
What's going on?
Today. I will not be afraid anymore.
I will face my decision.
Ket!
- Views are skyrocketing!
- Holy crap. I'm about to pass out!
- Don't fain. Views will drop.
- Alright. I'm up.
Do you want to know how we met?
Oh my gosh. you just charged
at me like a bull!
- I'm sorry.
- Le Hieu.
why do you always bring disaster
whenever I see you?
I'm sorry. Chairwoman.
Ma'am. are you okay?
- Oh. you're so cute.
- Thank you. ma'am.
This is Nhat Ha.
Director Phong's
new secretary. Chairwoman.
So pretty!
DANG THE PHONG
TWO MONTHS AGO
Isn't it impressive?
We also have a lot
of interesting lights at Unios.
Please look around.
Hieu and Giao will show the way.
Please.
Yes. we have hanging lights here.
Boss. your documents are on your desk.
Tomorrow you will fly to Japan
to attend Furniture Week.
You'll be flying with Vietnam Airlines
at 9:30 a.m.
When you get there. there will be a car
to take you straight to the hotel.
So thoughtful.
One drink!
One for you too!
Let me take that as well.
Staff are supposed to take the shots
for the boss. not the other way.
This is for you.
- Okay. let me.
- Phong. that's nonsense.
Can I drink with you?
- It's okay. My employee...
- What about me?
- Anh Duc. she's...
- I like you.
- Phong. you can't...
- My staff doesn't know how to drink.
If you don't drink. I'll be sad.
We just drink together. It's nothing.
Drink up! What's the problem?
It's my job.
He's the boss. he goes on business trips.
it's normal to bring a secretary.
Your company sure has a lot
of business trips for a lighting company.
Don't you see that he intentionally
organized.
- Honey.
- Business trips with you?
Can't you see that I'm working?
Stop picking fights.
Go to work if you can.
Where the hell am I supposed to find
four grand to pay them back right now?
Everyone's gone home already.
I'm the only one left doing overtime.
Don't you see you're cruel to me?
Stop investing.
You're bringing in nothing but debts.
Stop holding me back.
Four grand is a bit much. However…
I can transfer you half first.
then deduct it from your salary.
Eat something. girl!
You go ahead. I need to finish this.
Check it then.
You deleted everything. What's the point?
Your messages with him is always blank.
If you have nothing to hide.
why would you delete it?
I give you my phone to check.
and you say everything's wiped.
So what exactly do I need to do
for you to trust me?
Why do you always try
to make me the bad guy?
Haven't we lived together long enough
to actually understand each other?
We both have brains. Use it to think.
or are your nerves paralyzed?
Who are you calling paralyzed?
Who are you calling paralyzed? Huh?
Who?
Oh my God. oh my God. oh my God!
You! You!
- It's your fault you only have half a leg.
- Kim. Kim. Kim!
Will you stop?
I'm tired.
I want to move out. Kim. I'm exhausted.
Come on. everyone!
Come and dance with me.
Why sulk in the corner?
Come on. Mr. Khang!
Hey. why did you push Mr. Khang. Phong?
- Oh my gosh!
- I didn't mean to.
So strong and fierce now?
Let me drink it up to you!
You're pissing on our parade. Phong.
I fell down. Phong.
Why are you defending her so fiercely?
- It was an accident.
- Oh. an accident. you said?
Then I'll just "accidentally"
won't sign this contract.
PRESENT
Ms. Linh!
- Hi there. Hieu.
- What are you doing here?
- I brought food for Phong.
- Yes.
So romantic! Miss!
- Have you had lunch?
- I ate already.
Yes. thank you.
You want a coffee?
- Right here.
- Yes…
- Ms. Linh...
- Honey!
Ha.
Meeting's over. Get back to work.
- Hello.
- Hieu!
- Yes. I'm coming.
Sweetie!
- Why did you suddenly come here?
- I brought you food.
Did I hear that right?
This is normally my job.
Surprised?
Obviously!
MC Hai Linh brought me food!
Who was that?
My staff.
Why is she crying?
Her work hasn't been up to par recently.
Family pressure or something.
Can't even handle a bit of scolding.
Why do you talk with her
behind closed doors?
Normally. you hate being cramped.
It was too sunny. so I closed the blinds.
Staff?
- Secretary.
- Ah. secretary.
I've never heard of her.
Just an ordinary secretary.
nothing special. Why would I tell you?
Is her name Bunnie?
I don't know.
Her name is Nhat Ha.
- Do you know her?
- Yeah.
She was a guest on my show.
So surprising.
Why did my staff come on your show?
To tell her story. of course.
So? Is there anything you want to tell me?
Any story for me?
Why do you suddenly ask?
Okay. let me tell you.
She said she just broke up with her ex.
Dating someone new now.
Very happy.
What does that have to do with me?
She said she's dating her boss.
Why would my staff go on your show
and say such a bizarre thing?
I've asked you so many questions.
so you can tell me the truth.
You had your chance.
I'm your wife. Phong.
I'm not a kid.
I'm so disappointed in you.
I want a divorce.
Linh! Linh! Listen to me!
Linh!
Can we sit down and talk for a bit?
Sir. ma'am.
What's going on?
What do you want to do with the new house?
You want it. or should I take it
and transfer you the cash?
No. Linh. I want to talk
to resolve this together.
Not this kind of resolution.
- Are you really gonna divorce me?
- Correct.
- Adultery means divorce.
- Oh my God!
Then why did we get married?
If we should just date. argue. then split.
what's the point of getting married then?
How can the word "divorce"
just roll off your tongue so easily?
Even if I had an affair. would you
at least bother to ask why I did it?
Adultery is adultery.
What's the point of knowing more?
- Is Phong having an affair?
- I'm not.
I was explaining to my wife.
but she doesn't listen to me.
Well. let him talk.
You have five minutes.
I'm not a guest on your show.
I am your husband.
- How can I talk like that...
- Thirty seconds gone.
Hey! You're being unreasonable!
You can't time a couple's conversation.
How can he say anything?
Is this a debate competition?
Go ahead. Say what you need to say.
Ian. this is our problem.
Can you let us deal with it privately...
No way! I'll resolve it for you guys.
I'm super fair.
I'd never take her side blindly.
Tell me. who is she jealous of?
Nhat Ha. my secretary.
Oh my gosh. that girl
is so decent. I've met her.
She's not as pretty as you.
Have you watched the Bunnie episode?
She came back for a second show.
Have you watched that?
My husband just left me.
I'm not in the mood to watch anything.
She came on.
said she dumped her boyfriend.
Now she's dating her boss.
Whoops. that's you!
Ian! It's not true!
What the heck!
It might sound a bit funny
when I say this.
You must believe me.
Linh!
She's harassing me.
Hieu. Giao. show them around.
Boss.
Have you had dinner yet?
Not yet.
I know this nice steak restaurant.
Can we go eat?
You go ahead. I'm having dinner
with my wife.
Enjoy!
You're still here?
Why are you crying?
My boyfriend just told me he's 4k in debt.
Can you give me an advanced salary?
If not. the gang will kill him.
Four grand is a bit much. but…
I can give you half in advance.
Thank you. boss.
What are you doing. Ha?
I know you like me too.
I've seen you checking me out...
Do you know what you're talking about?
You're losing control.
- Boss!
- Don't do that again.
Boss!
Where have you been?
You didn't reply to my texts.
didn't answer my calls.
You didn't go to work either.
I didn't know where to find you.
I'm your secretary. I know your schedule.
You weren't busy with anything else.
She is unstable.
I saved all the evidence. Look at it.
See?
Is this girl mental?
Messaging and ringing you non-stop?
Well. you must have done something.
I didn't do anything to her.
To me. Ha is a decent employee.
She is good at her job.
Lately. her performance went down.
Turns out it's family and love issues.
I only gave her some advice. that's all.
How was I supposed to know
that she likes me?
The moment I found out.
I straight-up rejected her.
I didn't even reply to her messages.
You have to fire her.
I did this morning.
He fired her.
Do you want me to call her now?
Don't do that. I have no reason
to talk to her.
- I'll call her then.
- Stop that. I don't like it.
Why are you so aggressive?
Who are you even acting like?
I haven't done anything!
You refuse to call her.
You don't trust my explanation.
What do you want me to do?
What. you just eat up whatever she said?
I just believe what I see.
What did you see?
How much truth
do you really think you caught?
I don't know what bullshit
she spun on the show.
All I'm doing is trying to explain to you.
but you won't listen to me.
You'd rather believe a stranger.
Linh!
How have I been to you all these years?
Did I treat you so badly?
How come you have no faith in me?
In your eyes. what kind of husband am I?
Tell me.
How have I been as your husband?
You are a good husband.
Even a perfect one.
But my rule is simple.
Once there's cheating. it's over.
To hell with your rule.
All our conversations
are just "principles" and "rules".
Don't you realize our relationship
is in distress?
What distress?
We're still happy. no fight or anything.
We just came back from vacation.
The problem is. you don't even see
that we're having issues.
Ever since we got married.
every time we fight.
have we ever talked
for more than five minutes?
Or is it always you talking
and me listening.
and the second I try to speak.
you either don't listen
or cut me off?
Did you call me a perfect husband?
Thank you.
But I wasn't born perfect.
I have to work for it.
I have to love you. love this family.
I work every single day to earn
the "perfect" that you want.
What about you?
Have you ever asked yourself
the same question?
Have you given me the wife I wanted?
Now I want to know.
How have I been as your wife?
Did I do something wrong?
What did I do wrong?
No. You're not wrong.
You can never see that you're wrong.
You created a show to listen
to everyone in the world.
but there's one person you refuse to hear.
Your husband.
I never wanted a super-talented wife
or one who's always busy working.
I just want you to love me a bit.
listen to me a bit.
pay attention to my feelings a bit.
We can't even talk to each other.
I feel so lonely in our relationship.
If all you want right now is a divorce.
and you're not willing
to figure anything out…
Go ahead and do what you want.
Phong's actually right about this one.
You're savage as hell too.
Does anyone ever really see
their own faults in a relationship?
Linh!
Phong. something's wrong with her!
Linh! Linh! Linh!
Take the pills.
Give it to me.
Open your mouth.
Take the medicine and go to sleep.
Oh my gosh. you're so aggressive.
One bit of stress and your whole body
seizes up. So why are you still so angry?
Okay. let her get some sleep...
No. I have to say it. It's hard on her.
What if it happens again?
I got it. You go back to sleep.
I'll be here. okay?
Fine. I got it.
It's my house.
You don't have to kick me out.
You focus on taking care of your wife.
Always sister this. sister that.
but wouldn't hesitate to kick me out
for alone time.
Linh…
Trust me.
I never did anything wrong to you.
That girl. Ha. I think
she has mental problems.
But I fired her.
From now on. you don't
have to worry about her anymore.
Relax. Don't think about it.
Get some sleep.
I'll take a shower.
then come sleep with you.
You sleep downstairs.
Huh?
I'll sleep alone.
You go and sleep downstairs.
Oh. here's your ring.
I'll leave it here.
Put it away. Don't lose it.
Don't think about it anymore.
Goodnight. my dear.
So much for not going through his phone.
You go straight for the laptop.
See if he has any hidden folders.
Nothing?
Any private group chat on Viber or Zalo?
Still nothing?
Just go check the search history.
We'll know from the recent searches.
HOW TO GET RID OF A STALKER
DEPENDENT PERSONALITY DISORDER DPD
Linh. I have goosebumps.
I didn't expect her to be a sicko
with that pretty face.
I mean. it's understandable.
Phong is handsome. wealthy.
plus he's her boss. How could she resist?
CALLING BOSS
MOBILE
NHAT HA (SECRETARY)
RECENT
BOSS (52)
Thank you for your dedication
and contributions
to the company during your time with us.
Bunnie.
Bunnie. open the door.
I kept my promise.
I haven't bothered you at all for a month.
Can we talk?
I've thought it through.
I can't live without you.
Can we talk a little bit now. Bunnie?
Please stop hiding from me.
Bunnie. don't make me pry
the door open again.
Bunnie!
Why would you order.
then not pick up your phone?
I've been ringing the doorbell too.
I have other orders to deliver.
Sorry.
Are you alright?
What the heck?
Are you insane?
Do you know what time it is?
Why won't you let me sleep?
She moved out a month ago.
Are you looking for a ghost?
- She moved out a month ago?
- Yep. all moved.
Why are you so stubborn?
I can't sleep… I have constant headaches.
Look at me now.
I'm pretty. but I'm lifeless.
- Now...
- Sorry.
What do you mean sorry?
She's so pretty and full of life.
Look at you!
Only a leg and a half.
What did you just say?
It's just a misunderstanding.
Just checking in. that's all.
That gift box is so beautiful.
Go to sleep. Maybe your leg
will grow back in the morning.
It's late. I'm off to bed.
Bye.
Have you ever asked yourself
the same question?
Have you given me the wife I wanted?
Don't you realize our relationship
is struggling?
What are you even filming?
I specifically told you
to wait for good lighting!
Do you need to get this worked up?
How can I not get upset
when it looks this bad?
- What if there's someone here?
- No one's here. plus we haven't done it...
I said stop!
- Baby!
- What a pervert!
Let's head back! Pull up your pants.
Linh!
- Welcome back.
- Hello!
Get ready for dinner.
It's gonna be so good. Come in.
There is no one
as perfect as your husband.
- Stop. Ian is calling us.
- Let her be.
They need us downstairs.
Stop!
Can't you hear me?
When I say let go. let go.
I really hate when someone restrains
my arms and legs.
But my rule is simple.
Once there's cheating. it's over.
To hell with your rules.
All our conversations
are just "principles" and "rules".
How much truth
do you really think you caught?
- What did I do wrong?
- You can never see that you're wrong.
I feel so lonely in our relationship.
Hey. kiddo!
Daddy. where are you?
Ah! I'm at your grandma's house.
Do you miss me?
I miss you so much.
Do you miss me and mom?
Of course.
When are you coming home?
I'm working so far away.
I can't come home yet.
But how did you know how to call me?
Um…
Mom told me to call.
- Don't say that.
- I'm not allowed to say that.
Hey!
Is Mom sitting next to you?
Ask Mom if she's okay.
I'm dead. Don't pretend
like you love me so much.
Mom said she was dead.
Damn. that was so embarrassing.
I told you to practice first.
but you didn't listen.
I've practiced many times.
but she keeps adding words.
Such a cute little screenwriter.
You get all the things you want.
yet you can't help your mother at all.
Oh. my goodness! Son!
Are you pooping with the door unlocked?
I forgot. Close it. Dad.
Disgusting.
Hey!
- Ian called. didn't she?
- Dad…
I know. I know.
It's good that she called.
Keep pooping.
Uncle Thang. Auntie Lam.
- Come in.
- Is that Thu? Come on in.
I brought some gifts from my hometown.
Wow. so cool!
- Thank you.
- No worries.
Oh. and by the way. thank you again.
Because you keep confiding in Son.
he has moved back home with us
for more than a month already.
- Dad!
- Oh!
Was she really mad at me?
Why is she mad at me?
She has issues.
You know that she's the jealous type.
Last time she called. you didn't pick up.
I was in the bathroom.
Is that not allowed?
It's a basic human need.
She also didn't say anything
when I picked up.
She was mental at that point.
Don't worry about it. It's a good thing
she didn't say anything.
She would've cursed you in the face.
Well. it's a good thing
she didn't curse at me.
I would've returned the favor.
- Oh come on!
- Thu. I'm begging you.
You weren't in the right.
You could've talked to anyone.
yet you chose my son so late at night.
driving his wife crazy.
- Well. I was sad.
- Still not an excuse.
And you. Son.
Just save her name as it is.
Why the +Th? Of course. your wife
is gonna be jealous.
Listen to me.
You go back to Ian.
No one can stand
your crazy personality except her.
I noticed something.
Anyone named Ian and Lam are good people.
Listen to your mother. Son.
Look at me and learn.
- Learn what?
- Oh. nothing.
It's nothing.
You guys are fighting. My cue to leave.
As for you. go back to your wife.
Don't blame me if you get a divorce.
I'm begging you. crazy kid.
- Don't visit too much. alright?
- She arrived like a gust.
then vanished like a raging storm.
Insane!
Linh?
Why are you out here?
Everything is ready for you.
- Ket!
- Yes?
What if I…
What if I say I want a divorce?
I almost swallowed my candy.
I'm just asking. Just… what if.
What if. right?
If one day you want a divorce.
you first push me down these stairs.
wait till I'm dead. then do what you want.
Oh my God. there are a bunch of ads.
a bunch of contracts we're gonna sign.
You two look so perfect
and happy in public.
everyone's admiring you like crazy.
and now you want a divorce?
So this old chick gets stuck
carrying everything. drowning in debt?
Crazy question!
But what's wrong?
It's just a little bickering here
and there. Why jump straight to divorce?
Did something happen? Tell me.
Ket. it's time.
- For what?
- For the next episode.
Say a full sentence next time.
What the heck? It's the Owl's episode.
- Who?
- The Owl! The Owl!
Ah. my gosh. the owl.
That's right. The Owl has a great story!
Listen to me. Let's go shoot it.
We'll talk later.
Let's get ready.
Damn sis. you forgot everything
I said. Zero cooperation.
Sorry. sorry. should I kneel down as well?
Ladies and gentelmen.
welcome back to Shoulder Sister.
Okay. let's continue with our Owl.
Let's circle back to your wife
being quite an extreme person.
She loves you. but her love makes her
an extremely jealous person.
She does all sorts of crazy things.
stressing you out.
So why do you still choose
to be with someone like that. Mr. Owl?
Well… It's because…
I love her.
Oh my gosh. it's so cheesy.
like a K-drama.
He seems sincere.
I believe him. I always
believe handsome men.
After all of that. you still love her?
I think there's a misunderstanding here.
I came on the show to tell my story.
not to badmouth my wife.
I hope that through this episode.
hopefully my wife will see it.
then she will understand my feelings.
My wife is an extremely wonderful person.
She's the best!
Mr. Owl!
So is she "the best" or "the stress"?
I'm gonna be honest…
Back then. I was a total loser of a man.
Useless.
All day just playing games.
then friends dragged me to bars.
partying. blowing every last bit
of money there.
If my husband grows a beard.
he'd look similar to this.
But he wouldn't dare
go on the show. Are you crazy?
Just a vicious circle.
In general. I had no future.
It wasn't until I met my wife
that I truly understood
what it meant to live as a real person.
I swear to everyone…
I have never met anyone
as cool as my wife.
She goes to work…
Don't be mad for no reason.
Solves all the problems there.
And when she's home.
she takes amazing care of me and our child
- and never complains.
- Mr. Duc closes the deal!
Isn't she amazing?
Being with her. I learned many things.
I want to make money.
I want to work.
I want to better myself.
make her proud.
But Shoulder Sister.
isn't it true that most guys
usually want to… cover up for their woman?
Um… Just "cover" or "protect"?
Cover up?!?
Like his wife is a criminal?
Oh. protect. Protect.
Yeah. that.
I. on the other hand.
I want to be small next to my wife.
Well. drop your wife then. come
be small next to me. I'll protect you.
You think you can handle him?
Or you gonna lose your breath under him?
Oh my gosh. I can take it all.
Yeah right. you remind me of Bunnie.
Watch your damn mouth!
I know that no matter how hard I try.
I can never be as good as my wife.
So that's it. I'll step back.
I can back up and take care of her.
From everything you've told me.
you sound so genuine and heartfelt.
Why don' you just speak these words
to your wife directly?
I believe any woman.
no matter how tough she is.
would be moved by words like these
from her own husband.
Because at home.
no matter what I say.
she will always pick and choose
what she wants to hear.
My wife is usually the most loving
and sentimental person.
but once jealousy kicks in.
she turns totally irrational.
So. everything you've told me so far. do
you mean it from the bottom of your heart?
Actually…
My wife and I
have been separated for a month.
What a coincidence.
If I were a dishonest man.
I would've left quietly.
Why would I go on your show
and tell you this?
Don't you agree. Hai Ian?
Uh. Hai Linh.
Hai Ian?
Okay. now…
Uh. Mr. Owl…
In front of you is a camera.
Look straight at it.
Imagine that's your wife.
Do you have anything you want to tell her?
- Turn it up.
- Turn it up!
I can't. Linh. that's too much for me.
- I can't do it.
- So what are you doing on this show?
Isn't it because you want
your wife to hear you out?
Say whatever is on your mind.
No one will cut you off here.
I think she wants to hear it too.
Ian…
I miss Ben.
I miss you too.
It's been a month.
I'm exhausted. Let's talk. honey.
Is that okay?
I can't stand it anymore.
I know I'm a total idiot
who always drives you crazy.
But I swear to you.
there's no third woman. no side chick.
I only love you. just you.
I'll give you a family.
I'll make you happy.
Because you're not an oldie.
you're my old but gold.
- If it were me. I'd call right away.
- Obviously!
Call him. Maybe you'll get lucky tonight.
Stop playing hard to get.
- Call him.
- Call!
Oh. are you crazy?
Damn you.
So stubborn!
- Why is she like that?
- Just call him if she misses him.
She's going insane
but still playing tough. Poor girl!
Here. let me call him.
- Are you crazy?
- What are you gonna say?
That's a wrap for today.
Thank you. everyone.
Thank you. Mr. Owl.
Assist our guest. please. everyone.
Brother-in-law.
I'm sorry.
I've always had a bad attitude
towards you.
Really?
I didn't know.
It's okay. I…
I don't care about these things anyway.
I believe Ian will sympathize with you.
I stood there listening
and almost teared up a few times.
Stay out of it!
I mean. I said it just to put his mind
at ease. you know?
Take it!
Tran Ngoc Son!
You go home right now.
How dare you go on TV
and badmouth me like this?
If there's something to say.
say it at home.
You said you miss me
and our daughter.
yet you wouldn't come home?
Come home and give Ben a bath.
She just wants her daddy.
Go home immediately.
This is your last chance.
Hey. take this.
- What is this?
- It's a peace charm.
Very effective.
Put it in Son's pillow for him to lie on.
When he wakes up.
give it back to me. okay?
Thank you.
Hey. Ian. I have
three feng shui bracelets.
This is for you. and put this on Son.
May Heavens bless the illness away.
- Thank you very much.
- Don't forget about me.
I have something too.
Here. Take this.
Use on Son's lips to prevent dryness.
Patients with chapped lips look terrible.
Hey. don't get the wrong idea.
Me caring about him
doesn't mean I'm messing around
with your husband. okay?
He's just really pitiful.
- You keep yelling at him.
- I never yell at him. right?
- Yeah. you do. You just don't remember.
- All the time.
Listen to me.
If there's anything in here
you can't handle.
just call me.
I'll sort everything out. okay?
Remember. I know all the top doctors
in the field.
If you all leave me now. I'd die.
How can we ever leave you?
Mai. Ian. Cuc. Truc.
live and die together.
Come on.
Sisters for a day.
sisters forever.
Hey. hey. we're in a hospital!
I have to go.
Call me if you need anything.
You're so charming.
- Oh. Linh?
- Yes.
Take care of your sister.
Bye. Thank you. everyone.
- Cuc talks the loudest.
- You talk more than I do.
Don't even deny it.
- Just admit you're the loudmouth.
- Alright. stop blaming others.
So loud and noisy. but they love me.
Here you go.
This too. Burger.
- I don't want to eat.
- Eat up!
One person in the ER is enough.
- I don't need you in there too.
- I'm not hungry.
Just have some. even if you're not hungry.
Your phone's ringing.
No. it's my alarm to take the pills.
Are you sick?
It's for Son's blood pressure pills.
These days away from home.
the idiot forgot to take his medicine.
'cause I wasn't around to remind him.
so now he's here.
You and him are a pack now?
Gang up and badmouth me on your show?
I didn't know. He showed up by himself.
When I knew it was him. I was shocked too.
Right. so shocking!
It was the first time
I heard him talk like that.
and I just know he loves you for real.
Then suddenly I felt guilty.
I've been judging him badly all along.
When don't you assume the worst
about our marriage?
Both of us.
But was I wrong?
Well…
Shoulder Sister show.
with Hai Ian as the guest.
wanna hear my story?
I'll tell you everything.
Ben is not Son's daughter.
What the heck?
She's Tu's.
What are you saying?
Really?
Why have you never talked about it?
It's nothing to be proud of.
Remember when I was planning my wedding?
I was pregnant then.
Then I found out
that he has a wife and a kid already.
Isn't it great?
I can't believe how blind I've been.
My fiance had a side woman and a kid.
and I was completely clueless.
When we broke up.
I wanted to die.
Gosh. I was so dumb.
Right at that moment. Son came.
He was so in love with me.
I didn't accept him
because I hated his face.
Then he just kinda hung around.
He said…
"Let me marry you.
so your child has a father."
Being with me is a lot of pressure on him.
But I have no idea how to change myself.
I'm always afraid that one day.
there will be another woman out there.
I carried my fear from the ex to him.
I'm jealous like a crazy person.
Many times I feel like I'm insane…
But you are too!
What now?
If you hadn't stayed with me. I'd probably
never know how insane you really are.
You always insist on being right.
You are never wrong.
You really are an MC.
Why are you like a piece of wood?
Besides. you also refuse intimacy.
You don't give it to him. do you?
You have no idea. He's like a bull!
I get home. exhausted from work.
and he keeps asking for it.
You're saying no to a bull.
Have you seen my chicken?
When we started dating. Son and I
did it three times a day.
Now I'm lucky if I get one
every three weeks.
Maybe three months.
Sometimes I don't really understand.
Your husband is handsome.
successful. and makes a lot of money.
he loves you. cooks well. pampers you.
and you're still upset.
So what do you want. Linh?
I think it's because Mom spoiled you.
and I did too.
so you don't care about anyone.
Our mother was also in that
"never wrong" category.
So my dad and your dad checked out early.
Mom's genes are too strong.
making us both savages.
I'm ghetto savage. you're upscale savage.
Look at her!
Always a big smile!
I miss her!
So. do you remember
what she said before she passed?
You two try to live happily.
We're doing anything but that. yeah?
Okay… Go talk to your husband.
You can't wait too long.
A man is a predator hunting for its prey.
If you can't give him what he needs.
he'll have to find it from someone else.
Maybe he's just crushing on other girls.
You gave up before you even tried.
Does anyone really split
over one huge issue?
It's all the small things
that break couples.
Pointing fingers is simple.
Forgiveness is the tough part.
Rely on each other a bit.
That's the difference
between marriage and dating.
Life is so unpredictable.
How could I ever have imagined I'd still
be sitting here in the hospital right now.
sleepy as hell?
Mom had two husbands.
I did too.
Do you wanna join our team?
Come on.
It's okay. It's a good thing.
I love you. okay?
Why didn't you tell him?
- Ian!
- Wow. we only just mentioned you.
How is Son?
He's not critical anymore.
But how did you know we were here?
I stopped by the studio to visit Linh.
They told me. so I came right here.
Luckily. he's okay.
Hey. I won't change seats anymore.
Let's eat porridge. I brought some.
You've gotta have the strength
to take care of Son.
How many bowls did you buy?
Two.
But there are three of us here.
- I didn't know you'd be here.
- Right. I'm invisible.
Enough.
Now I see the truth in what people say.
Only your husband truly loves you.
Other men love their own women.
So go ahead and love each other.
I'm going back in to love my husband.
Gifted women like me
usually eat burgers alone.
Go away.
Have some porridge.
I just bought it. It's yummy.
Acting like you love me so much…
Of course I love you!
It smells so good. Wanna try some?
- Come on!
- Nope!
Eat so you have the strength to scold me.
Doesn't it smell good?
Where did you buy it?
- New place.
- Where?
Secret.
You went with Bunnie. didn't you?
There's no more Bunnie.
- Liar.
- Please don't be mad at me.
Please!
- What the hell?
- Linh. I don't know...
Are you kidding me?
- I swear to you. I don't know.
- Why is she here?
Linh. she's stalking me for sure.
Linh! Linh!
KIM. THIS IS PHONG. HA'S BOSS
SHE LOVES ME AND IS HARRASSING MY FAMILY
I KNOW YOUR PROBLEM IS JUST MONEY
I WILL HELP YOU AND HELP MYSELF
I HOPE YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO
HOW CAN I TRUST YOU?
HA LIVES AT 2F SUNSET TOWER IN D7
GO FIND HER. AND SEND ME YOUR BANK INFO
Are you crazy?
This is a hospital.
What are you doing? Huh?
You came here to destroy my family.
and only then would you be satisfied?
Tell me! What do you want?
I miss you.
I love you.
I haven't been okay for days.
Phong. don't leave me. I'd die!
You still love me. right?
Tell me! You love me!
Hey! Hey! Are you insane?
This is mental.
What are you doing?
How did you know I was here?
You're stalking me. aren't you?
I'm not stalking you.
I just wanted to find you.
You're scaring me.
I'm gonna tell you one last time.
Stay away from my family.
Don't touch my wife.
Or I'll call the police.
So you don't care about me anymore?
If that's the case.
I'll make sure the whole world
cares about us.
Only a few seconds…
The second I hit the ground.
everyone will be paying attention
to me then. Phong.
Are you threatening me?
Try me!
Asshole!
Phong!
TRAN KIM
BALANCE CHANGE +300.000.000
I GOT THE MONEY
How many more times do I have to tell you
I didn't go to the hospital with her?
Why won't you believe me?
I only believe what I see.
Do you think I'm a kid?
She loves you!
If you haven't done a thing.
why did she give you that look?
That's the look of someone
who's deeply in love.
There's also hatred in there.
I see it all.
Stop talking now. My head hurts.
Every fight is always the same.
If I were you. I'd choose to listen.
I'd want to hear their side
and hope it's all just a misunderstanding.
I don't want to believe
they've done me wrong.
What about you?
It feels like you just want people
to be at fault.
Why is that?
Give it a shot.
hear what they have to say.
If it doesn't register with you.
then you can get angry afterward. okay?
Why do you always jump to conclusions
before you even find out the truth?
Every little fight
and you immediately threaten divorce.
There are times when I wonder
if you still want to fight for us at all.
So you think I haven't tried at all?
Honestly. I've been really stressed
these past few days.
I've just been holding it together.
You know how much I hate
being betrayed. right?
To be honest. if I was still the old me.
just this alone would've made me
break up with you right away.
I wouldn't be sitting here
talking like this.
I would've hated you by now.
But I'm hating myself right now.
I hate Hai Linh.
I realized everything is because of her.
She acts like she's so wise.
always giving advice to everyone.
when she's actually the one
living the worst life.
Mom and Ian always control their husbands.
I don't want to live like that.
Can't you see?
You can go wherever. do whatever. be
with whoever. You're free to be yourself.
I don't even know your phone passcode.
I don't know how much money you make.
I don't even know your work schedule.
So much so that…
I don't even know that you're sad.
Truth is. if you hadn't called me out
straight to my face.
I wouldn't have known
how deeply I hurt you.
I keep thinking I'm the luckiest girl.
And I really am. don't you think?
I have a good job.
I'm successful.
Out there. everyone loves me.
At home. my family cherishes me.
I have a good husband.
But I'm a total idiot.
I only remembered I have a husband.
But I forgot…
My husband also needs a wife.
So if I've ever made you sad
or left you feeling lonely…
I'm sorry. okay?
All this time. I thought I wasn't afraid
of anything in this world.
But after what happened.
I realized I'm not fearless.
I'm afraid of losing you.
- Bunnie!
- Let go.
- I said let go.
- Bunnie! Listen to me!
- Let me go!
- Where were you?
- You stalked me all the way here?
No. I… I…
Why did you move here without telling me?
Why have you been hiding from me
for a whole month?
I have no reason to hide from you.
Who do you think you are?
What are you saying?
Where were you? Why are you soaked?
Why are you dressed like that?
Why are you so drunk?
I like it.
I like wearing clothes like this.
What?
Let go of me.
- I said let me go.
- Bunnie. listen to me. please.
- Get your hands off me.
- Listen to me. listen to me.
Today I came here with no intention
of causing trouble. no yelling. nothing.
I just want to tell you…
I've saved up the money.
Can we get married now?
You've got money?
You got money. Go find someone to marry.
Why do you keep hanging around me?
Aren't you tired?
'Cause I'm really tired.
I said I don't love you.
What's the point of chasing someone
who doesn't love you?
- Why are you talking like this?
- That's just me.
I like talking like this. So what?
Stop having a one-sided crush on him.
He doesn't love you.
Who told you it's one-sided?
Who said it's a one-sided love?
Phong!
Please tell me the truth.
Was there anything between you and Ha?
I promise I won't be angry
or make a fuss anymore.
No matter what happens. I will
accept it in the most positive way.
I only want to know the truth.
Tell me.
I'm sorry…
I was wrong.
I'm almost 30. I'm not a child. okay?
Listen carefully.
I slept with him.
We've been dating for a whole month.
Now that he dumped me. are you happy?
You know how I ended up like this?
It's all because of you!
You're the one who got me into this mess.
Where am I supposed to get 4k
right now to pay them back?
Why are you crying?
You made me fall for him.
You criticized me.
- You said "him"?
- tormented me.
and because of you. I had to go
and beg him for help.
You made me a home wrecker.
I'm here. She won't be yelling at anyone.
Call her if you have nothing to hide.
Fine.
I tried so hard to keep living with you.
but you're the one
who forced me into this.
I didn't think you would
treat me so horribly.
No need to follow him.
- Son!
- Phong!
Son. your phone.
If you hadn't pushed me
to the absolute edge.
I might not have opened up
to him that night.
- You can live here from now on.
- I can't afford a house this big.
Don't worry about it.
I can take care of you.
With your blessing. I ended up with him.
Because of you. my life
became this miserable.
Because of you. I became a home wrecker.
Are you satisfied now?
Don't say that.
You're just trying to provoke me.
Why the hell do I need to provoke you?
My life is already fucked up enough.
Stop messing with it.
The thing I regret most
is ever meeting you.
- I said enough.
- I hate you!
Even if he dumps me another hundred times.
- I'm never coming back to you.
- I said enough!
I said enough!
What the fuck are you saying?
You fucking love him?
If you're gonna kill me.
make sure I'm dead!
- How dare you?
- If I survive. I will never be with you.
Hey! Stop!
What are you saying?
Where do you live?
Which apartment?
- I live here.
- What are you talking about?
Why do you do that?
- Say it!
- I said I don't fucking love you!
You are an asshole!
Get the fuck out of my life!
Fuck off!
Let go! Let go!
Bunnie! The fuck did you just say?
Bunnie! Bunnie!
Get to Area 2F now.
Someone's causing trouble here.
Call for backup.
It's okay. Don't cry.
Tell me. Phong.
I…
Back when we first got together.
everything was simple.
During the day. we both went to work.
and at night. we'd tell each other
about our long day.
On weekends. I'd take you out.
We did so many things together.
And then…
Your career got better.
You became more successful. more famous.
You worked more.
You had less time for me.
And sometimes I just…
Felt really lost.
And somehow. a distance grew between us.
And then. when I was…
At my loneliest. I met Ha.
I related to her because
she was struggling in love too.
I don't even know what came over me.
I just suddenly wanted to protect her…
Maybe…
Maybe because…
I was craving love.
Just because I made you sad.
you had to hurt me back?
- I was wrong…
- If I was wrong. you should've told me!
Why did you treat me like that?
What am I supposed to do now?
I don't know anything anymore.
Give me back the the Phong I loved.
Back then. I thought it was just
a moment of emotion between me and Ha.
Yes!
Then. when it ended.
I'd help her financially.
You can stay in that apartment.
I'll cover two years of rent.
I wouldn't let this affect our family.
I never thought that…
I didn't date you for money.
I love you.
Is it because she's the chairman's sister
that you're conflicted?
I know you have your own struggles.
- Calm down. Bunnie.
- I just need you to say you love me.
- Just say you won't leave me.
- I told you. this is the office...
- Promise me!
- I can't promise you anything.
- I can wait for you.
- Honey!
I'm sorry. sweetie.
No matter what decision
you make now. I'll accept it.
But…
I just wanted to be honest with you.
I don't want to lie anymore.
Tell me the truth now.
Do you still love me?
Why would you ask that?
I only want to love you.
I said I didn't want to be like Ian.
But I know I'm exactly like her.
So even if I forgive you now.
I'll still torture both of us later.
I don't want that.
Give me one night.
Tonight. I want to think carefully.
I want to make the right decision.
I want to talk to myself and see…
If I can forgive you.
Thank you.
Thank you for listening to me.
I'm sorry.
Does your head still hurt?
I'm feeling better now.
Don't worry.
I'm here with you. No one can bother you.
I'd rather go to work and see you
than stay home on my day off
with nothing to do.
Bunnie!
I missed you so much!
I just want to see
you looking beautiful. smiling.
being happy.
Wow. you can actually cook?
If you know good food.
you have to know how to cook.
What did I ever do to you
for you to treat me like this?
You made me fall for you.
and now you're hiding from me?
You're a bastard! You're scared everyone
will find out. aren't you?
Bunnie!
From now on. this is your home.
I'm here now. No one will bother you.
Thank you for your contributions
to the company all this time.
How much money do you want to end this?
- I truly love you!
- But I don't love you anymore.
Do you understand?
Don't touch my wife.
Or I'll call the police.
Bunnie!
- You...
- So you finally decided to call me?
I know that no matter what I say now.
I've already hurt you.
I admit I treated you terribly.
So if there's anything
you want to ask. go ahead.
I won't run away anymore.
I promise I'll answer honestly.
Okay. tell me.
We were happy. Why did you wanna break up?
Back then. you really confused me.
I didn't understand why
you fell for me so fast.
Where did you go the past few days?
I'm your secretary. I know your schedule.
You weren't busy with anything.
What did I do wrong
that made you avoid me?
- Why did you treat me like that?
- Bunnie!
I feel like you're starting to control me.
- I'm not controlling you.
- You are.
You called me dozens of times in a row.
Because I missed you so much.
That's not normal missing.
And there's something else.
Why did you go on my wife's show?
What were you trying to prove there?
If you weren't happy.
would you leave your husband?
You were attacking her. you know that?
I just wanted to show you
that Linh is strong enough
to accept that.
You're scaring me. Bunnie.
What did I tell you?
Don't call me after 9 p.m.
That's when I'm with my wife.
We were dating.
but she did nothing wrong to us.
So you made me the bad guy?
We'd only been together for a month.
But I felt like. little by little.
you were losing control.
I missed you.
You're dumping me. aren't you?
How can you be so cruel to me?
My family's here. What are you doing?
I didn't know
what you might do next. Bunnie…
I really need this family.
I can't lose my wife.
Every sentence. it's "my wife. my wife".
So you still love her that much. huh?
I'll give you some money.
so you can live without worrying anymore.
This is something I want to do
to make it up to you.
I'll give you 40 grand.
Let's end this.
I'm truly sorry.
If that's your offer. then fine.
Just give me the money
and be done with it.
Thank you for understanding me.
I'm sorry. Bunnie.
Honey.
I made breakfast.
Come down and eat with me.
Let's skip breakfast.
Can we talk first?
You're my husband. I know you.
I know you're a romantic person.
Very emotional.
So your need to be loved is stronger too.
I know.
While I'm too dry.
I don't pay attention
to your feelings at all.
Sometimes I even snap at you.
So what you did. I…
I understand it too.
I know I'm partly at fault as well.
So. you know. when you were
honest with me yesterday…
To be honest…
Deep down.
I already wanted to forgive you.
Thank you.
I promise. from now on.
I won't hurt you anymore.
I…
I think I'll forgive you.
- Let's get breakfast.
- If you weren't such a bastard.
Oh. keep your shoes on. Keep them on.
She's here.
NHAT HA? IT'S HAI LINH. CAN I CALL YOU?
Is this Nhat Ha?
I'm Hai Linh.
Can we talk for a bit?
Yes.
- Then please help me.
- Sure. I'll see you tomorrow.
Linh. he's calling me.
Don't tell him I called. Answer him.
- Bunnie…
- So you finally decided to call me?
If there's anything you want to ask.
go ahead.
I won't run away anymore.
I'll give you 40 grand.
If that's your offer. then fine.
Just give me the money
and be done with it.
-JUST ACCEPT WHATEVER HE WANTS.
-OKAY
I'm truly sorry.
Thank you for understanding me.
Good morning.
Is there anything else you want to ask?
That's enough.
Why are you such a coward?
You chose to cheat.
then at least
you should've had more balls.
Why did you choose to turn me
into the villain in your story?
I'm sorry.
But I swear to you. I never once intended
to destroy anyone's family happiness.
You know. I was in a relationship too.
and I wasn't happy either.
The way he talked to me about you
made me feel like
you were hurting him too.
- Feeling better now?
- A little.
Talking to a happy person
really is different.
Honestly. I'm not
much better off than you.
I think we're the same.
If I told you I wasn't happy right now.
would you believe me?
This marriage feels like part of her job.
She's obsessed with right and wrong.
But somehow. she's always right.
and I'm always wrong.
Why are we both so miserable?
If I had known from the beginning
that your relationship was like this.
I would never have gotten
involved with him.
You're not the other woman.
We've been separated for a while.
Just waiting on the divorce paperwork.
He loved you terribly.
Let me try. okay?
If I were you.
I'd probably fall for it too.
You were drowning in the ocean.
and someone threw you a life ring.
promising to pull you back to shore.
Of course you grabbed it.
I don't blame you.
My husband is such a good screenwriter.
If from the very beginning
you had come to me
and said you liked me.
but you only wanted me at that moment.
that this was just a game. pay-to-play.
then any girl who lied to you
or wanted your money
would've come willingly.
But instead. you made me
fall in love with you.
You painted a future for me.
You gave me hope
that you'd leave your wife and be with me.
You made me slowly die in that love.
When will you and your wife
finally settle things?
Give me more time.
I know I promised I'd divorce my wife.
but it's not as easy as I thought.
I know you have your own struggles.
I just need you to say you love me.
- I can wait for you.
- No. Bunnie...
- Promise me.
- I can't promise you anything right now.
You promised you'd divorce Linh
and come to me. Phong.
What? You don't dare admit it?
The cruelest thing is giving someone
a hope that isn't real.
I'm sorry for everything I've caused you.
And thank you for today.
for helping me let it all out.
I think after today.
I'll finally be happy.
So I can be confident
that I've truly forgotten this person.
This is yours.
Give me a day or two.
I'll arrange to move out of the apartment.
I'll get going now.
Who are you looking for?
Is this Linh and Phong's house?
Yes. What's the matter?
- Are they home?
- Yes.
Wait here. I'll go call them.
I'm sorry.
Guys! Kim's here!
Can you lock the door? He has a knife!
- Huh? Who is it?
- Kim! Kim!
Where's Huong?
- Are you crazy?
- The other door. the other door!
Kim!
Kim. listen to me. Calm down!
The kitchen door. the kitchen door!
Kim! Kim! Kim!
Fuck!
Listen to me! Calm down. Kim!
Put the knife down.
Don't do this anymore!
Kim. can you please stop acting like this?
Run!
- Run. Phong!
- Go hide in the basement!
- Run! Run!
- Call the police right away!
Run! Stop talking!
Kim! Kim!
We've gotta find cover now!
We've gotta call for help.
Kim!
Calm down! We can talk this out! Kim!
Calm down! Kim!
Kim!
Stay calm. Calm down.
Please calm down!
How much money do you want?
I'll give you everything!
I'm begging you. Kim! Kim!
Please calm down. Kim!
Let's talk. Let's negotiate.
I'm begging you. Kim!
You took everything from me.
and now you want to negotiate?!
- I'm begging you...
- You wanna negotiate?
Negotiate?
You're so fucking rich.
Your wife is beautiful.
What the hell more do you want?
Kim! Kim!
Don't…
I don't want to die. Kim…
I don't want to...
Don't worry.
I'm sending your wife down to join you.
Go explain it to her down there.
Okay?
Linh!
Shoulder Sister!
Come up here with your husband.
Come see what I did to him!
You people are so rich. so comfortable.
and you still go looking for trouble!
Have you lived your life right
to be telling people to break up?
Huh?!
Fuck!
You've pushed me past my limit. Linh!
You're here. aren't you?!
Fuck!
Fuck you!
Where are you?
Linh!
Let go of her!
Ha!
Phong!
I got you!
- I got you!
- Please calm down!
Phong!
I think you should stop giving out advice.
Have you lived your life right
to be lecturing others?!
Let Linh go!
Do you want me to die?!
You've lost your mind!
How could you kill people?!
Listen to me. Put the knife down.
Give it to me.
Give it to me!
Give it!
It hurts. It hurts so much!
Okay. hold on.
Hold on…
It hurts. It hurts.
- Kim. I'm sorry…
- Help me… Help me…
Run!
Linh. can you go upstairs
and call an ambulance for him?
Call anything. please. Just go upstairs!
Phong!
Bunnie! Bunnie! Bunnie!
Kim. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to!
It hurts so bad… It hurts…
Bunnie! Bunnie! Bunnie!
- Bunnie…
- Kim. I…
I told Linh to call an ambulance.
- We'll go to the hospital. You'll be okay.
- I think I'm dying.
Listen to me.
I…
I love you so much…
I'm sorry… I'm so sorry…
You're crazy! You're not dying…
I know I am…
You… try to
live well. okay?
Can I kiss you once?
- Let me kiss you.
- You've lost your mind!
Kim! Stop messing with my head!
Try to live well.
Linh!
Call an ambulance now!
Kim!
Phong! Phong! Look at me. Phong!
I'm not mad at you anymore. Phong!
I'm really not mad anymore! Okay. Phong?
I'm sorry. Phong.
I'm not mad at you anymore.
You're an idiot. Kim.
A serious break-in has just occurred
at the home of MC Hai Linh.
She was attacked by an unknown suspect.
Investigators say the suspect acted alone.
with signs pointing
to a personal conflict.
and took his own life after the attack.
Police are urgently clarifying the motive.
Hai Linh has declined
to comment further on the incident.
MONTHS LATER
SHOULDER SISTER
I just lost someone I cared deeply about.
So I want to pause everything for now.
take some time to rest. and reset my life.
Today will be the final episode
of Shoulder Sister.
- What's wrong with her?
- The show's good though.
I have given everyone
so much advice already.
And this is the last piece of advice
I want to give all of you.
That is…
Don't rush to follow anyone's advice.
No one understands you better than you do.
So…
Go ahead and experience things
for yourselves.
All the biggest mistakes
come from actions
that seem harmless at first.
Everyone makes mistakes.
but very few realize they were wrong.
Some mistakes can never be fixed.
Only awareness.
time. and forgiveness can ease the pain.
And I realized that. in the end.
I was just a child
desperately craving love.
but not knowing how to love.
So through my story. I want to…
Tell everyone to…
Remember to cherish the people around you.
people right beside you.
Because these are often the people…
We forget are important.
Thank you. everyone.
Linh. we all love you!
Goodbye. everyone.
Goodbye. Shoulder Sister.
Ten out of ten. Hai Linh! I love you!
Amazing. Hai Linh!
Linh. I love you!
In the past.
I rarely felt empathy for other people.
I thought everything could be solved.
Why did people make things seem so hard?
But after everything.
I realized I had never really put myself
in their shoes to understand them.
These people used to feel.
to me. loud and annoying.
So why do they feel so lovable now?
I'm someone who always tries hard in life.
but probably only at work.
not hard enough to truly learn
how to love someone.
If there were a miracle.
if I could go back.
I think I would listen to him
and understand him more.
Because I know that.
deep down.
Phong loved me and never meant to hurt me.
Do you love me?
I'll love you 'til I die.
Phong!
Let's forgive each other.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm